add how-to guide for multiturn evaluations (#726)
langchain-ai/langsmith-docs: docs/evaluation/how_to_guides/multiturn_evaluation.mdx

> # How to set up a multiturn evaluation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to set up a multi-turn evaluation
```

> LangSmith makes it easy to evaluate multiturn conversations in the playground. This allows you to evaluate how changing your system prompt,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LangSmith makes it easy to evaluate multi-turn conversations in the playground. This allows you to evaluate how changing your system prompt,
```

Reviewer: need to change to hyphenate multi-turn everywhere in this guide

the tools available to the model, or the output schema affects a conversation with multiple messages.

This how-to guide walks you through the various ways you can set up the playground for multiturn evaluation, depending on where your
conversation data is stored.

> 

Reviewer: I think it would be nice to have a screenshot here of what a multi-turn conversation looks like

Once you have created your dataset, head to the playground and [load your dataset](../../prompt_engineering/how_to_guides/testing_over_dataset) to evaluate.

Then, add a messages list variable to your prompt, making sure to name it the same as the key in your inputs that contains the list of messages:

![](./static/multiturn_from_dataset.gif)

When you run your prompt, the messages from each example will be added as a list in place of the 'Messages List' variable.

## Manually

There are two ways to manually create multiturn conversations. The first way is by simply appending messages to the prompt:

![](./static/multiturn_manual.gif)

This is helpful for quick iteration, but is rigid since the multiturn conversation is hardcoded.
Instead, if you want your prompt to work with any multiturn conversation you can add a 'Messages List' variable and add your
multiturn conversation there:

![](./static/multiturn_manual_list.gif)

This allows you to just tweak the system prompt or the tools, while allowing any multiturn conversation to take the place
of the `Messages List` variable, allowing you to reuse this prompt across various evaluations.

## Next Steps

> Now that you know how to set up your multi-turn evaluation, you can either do "vibe" evaluations by manually 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you know how to set up your multi-turn evaluation, you can either manually 
```

> inspecting and judging the outputs, or you can [add evaluators](../how_to_guides#define-an-evaluator) to get quantitative results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
inspect and judge the outputs, or you can [add evaluators](../how_to_guides#define-an-evaluator) to get repeatable, quantitative results.
```
